\input texinfo

@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex

The program was be developed in C++ language of C++17 standard on QT.
The program code was be located in the src folder.
Code follow google style and all classes implemented within the s21 namespace.
Was prepared full coverage of expression calculation modules with unit-tests using the GTest library.
The program can be built with Makefile which contains standard set of targets for GNU-programs: all, install, uninstall, clean, dvi, dist, tests.
The program was be developed according to the principles of object-oriented programming.

The program was be implemented using the MVC pattern, and also
there hasn't business logic code in the view code, 
there hasn't interface code in the controller and the model 
and controllers is thin.
Was used three patterns: facade, command and singletone.

There is only one model on the screen at a time.

The program provide the ability to
load a wireframe model from an obj file (vertices and surfaces list support only),
translate the model by a given distance in relation to the X, Y, Z axes,
rotate the model by a given angle in relation to its X, Y, Z axes,
scale the model by a given value.

The graphical user interface contain
a button to select the model file and a field to output its name,
a visualisation area for the wireframe model,
buttons and input fields for translating the model,
buttons and input fields for rotating the model,
buttons and input fields for scaling the model,
information about the uploaded model - file name, number of vertices and edges.

The program correctly processes and allows user to view models with details up to 100, 1000, 10,000, 100,000, 1,000,000  
vertices without freezing (a freeze is an interface inactivity of more than 0.5 seconds).

The program allow customizing the type of projection (parallel and central).
The program allow setting up the type (solid, dashed), color and thickness of the edges, 
display method (none, circle, square), color and size of the vertices.
The program allow choosing the background color.
Settings saved between program restarts.


The program allow saving the captured (rendered) images as bmp and jpeg files.
The program allow recording small screencasts - the current custom affine transformation 
of the loaded object into gif-animation (640x480, 10fps, 5s) by a special button.

@bye